Hi Tianbo,

 

I’m working with one of the best and most prestigious Asset Management Firms in the world, who are looking for a Quantitative Developer with Strong programming skills such as C++ and Python.

 

I have a great relationship with the hiring manager and would like to speak to them about your background later today.

 

Please let me know your interest and when works for a quick call to discuss.

 

 

JOB DESCRIPTION

 

Asset Management Technology Division is seeking a Quant Developer to join their Quant Development Team. This is a core software engineering role in our dynamic and fast-paced quantitative development team. You will be ‘embedded’ within the quantitative research team and you will partner with the investment teams on various projects including portfolio construction, risk management, and alpha research. You will build high quality, robust, and efficient analytical solutions that will be used to improve Fixed Income’s investment processes.
 

This role impacts the organization by improving the quality and time-to-market of Research initiatives through a combination of both analytical and software development skillsets. The assignments will include gathering the ideas, conceptualizing them through a programming language, and creating a packaged solution that can be used by the investment professionals
 

The Team
 

Asset Management Technology (AMT) provides worldwide technology and support to all the Investment Management, Research, Trading and Investment Operations functions. AMT is an integral partner for Asset Management to deliver innovative, scalable, industry-leading investment tools that enable Asset Management to achieve competitive advantage globally. Our Fixed Income group manages over 1 trillion dollars of assets across money market and bond portfolios.
 

The Expertise You Have

·         Bachelor’s (Masters preferred) in a quantitative or computational field such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering

2-15 years professional experience in a quantitative/computational environment

·         Strong software engineering skills, preferably including C++, Python, shell scripting, SQL, and Linux preferably in a command line environment

Ability to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders, including fundamental and quantitative

Keen to hear your thoughts.

Thank you.

 

Kind Regards

 

Lyra Bashota ( Consultant )

 

Tel - +1 201 731 8993 |  Email – l.bashota@alexanderchapmanltd.com  | www.alexanderchapmanltd.com
